'Search Google for {robot valentines day gifts}'
Goal regression prediconditions 'Browser window open' AND 'Searchbar empty'
SSS
>Open Chrome
GR precon 'robot valentines day gifts' in search bar initiates query
SSS
>Click on search bar
>Type candy cane
>Type Enter

'Move cursor up by 5 pixels'
(Straightforward function call with parameters)
>move_cursor((0, -5))

'Move cursor over text 'n'
found_text = find_text_position('n')
if found_text:
    move_cursor(found_text.text_pos)
else:
    respond("Cannot find 'n' on screen")

Open output properties (Blender visible)

On screen symbol search
'Prepositional spatial search program' ie n below m

(The question is how to go from these simple 'function calls' to more lengthy plans...)
What's an example of a more complex plan?

Ex: 'Make a Blur Studio style film in Blender'
Much more abstract and involves thousands or tens thousands of intermediate steps.
Involves coordination of multiple perception streams
Involves *learning* by observation of existing data and practice of relevant skills
    -Reading
    -Images
    -Audio files
    -Video files
    -Realtime audiovisual streams
    -Animation data streams
Involves subgoals ie 'Create a character 3D model'
Involves critique and feedback loops
Involves coordination with other agents/humans

(This is intractably complex and we don't currently have the integrated cognitive tooling to solve it!)

What if we try something simpler first?

Draw a stick figure in Krita.
This requires a few unspecified parameters and steps, but they're all very straightforward
Open Krita
Create new document
Select appropriate brush size.
Using two tools: Ellipse and Line
Perception of the 2D outline primitives 'as rendered'
Ability to segment the correct regions...
Proper alignment of lines ie spine below head, legs at bottom of spine... This requires understanding of Waltz style line primitives

So you need correct representation and operational capability to 'synthesize with tools'
You also need some approach to teach all this through a combination of natural language and demonstration

'Let me show you how to {x}'
Should induce a program learning mode.
